{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20540\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Q) What is the RTT delay between the nodes now? What is the bandwidth delay product? 
\f1 \

\f0      Practically average RTT = 1.266ms\
     Theoretically bandwidth-delay product is 100Mbps *  1.406ms /(8) = 
\b  1179438 Bytes =1151 Kbytes\
\

\b0 Q) 
\fs32 Explain briefly what the commands do?\
    	sudo mkextrafs /mnt --This "mkextrafs" is a script 
\f2\fs26 to make the remaining space on the root disk available to you, and command will 				        			create the filesystem, mount it on 
\f3 /mnt
\f2  and make an entry in 
\f3 /etc/fstab
\f2  so that the filesystem will be mounted on    	 			         		future reboots.\
	
\f0\fs32 cd /mnt -- Change current directory to mnt\
         d if=/dev/urandom of=data.bin bs=1m count=200 --- This command writes some random data from file uranium to file named data.bin of size 												    200megabytes.\
\
Q) What transfer throughput do you get? \
     11.1MB/s\
     As the delay (RTT) increases (with 0% loss and default window size), throughput goes on decreasing because as throughput = data received / RTT, so it RTT increases throughput decreases.\
\
Q) Can you improve the performance by using kernel parameters?\
     Transfer throughput (as above )remains same even if we increase/decrease the window size. The reason is that SCP uses SSH to copying files. SSH uses public -key 		  \
     cryptography. So copying files, keys are exchanged between sender and recover that cause overheads, and so the throughput cannot increase even if we \
     increase the window size.\
	\
Following throughput was at Max Window size of 2M\
\
	
\b \ul RTT	(ms)
\b0 \ulnone 		
\b \ul Throughput      
\b0 \ulnone            
\b \ul  Bandwidth* delay \

\b0 \ulnone \
       1.406			 11.1Mbit/s			     17 Kbytes\
	20			 6.1 Mbit/s                		  256 Kbytes\
	40			 3.3Mbit/s				  512 Kbyes\
	60			 2.3Mbit/s				  768 Kbytes\
\
Q) Does SCPhas some sort of limitations?\
     SCP has limitation as it uses SSH. The reason is that SCP uses SSH to copying files. SSH uses public -key cryptography. So copying files, keys are \
     exchanged between sender and recover that cause overheads
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf0 \

\f4 Q) 
\f0 Graph throughput vs. loss. Discuss these results. Does this seem extreme? Can you explain why this happens.\
      As the loss% increases throughput decreases to a very large extent.\
	\
	
\b \ul % loss
\b0 \ulnone 	
\b \ul Throughput\
	\
	
\b0 \ulnone  1		  7.1MB/s\
	 3		  1.9MB/s\
	 5		  769.9KB/s
\f1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0  
\f1 \

\f0\b\fs28 \
\
\

\b0 \
}