{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25360\viewh13380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Final Project Report\
\
\

\fs72 What is the Problem?  
\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 Intrusion Detection Systems (IDSs) play an important\
role detecting various kinds of attacks and defend our\
computer systems from them. There are basically two main\
types of detection techniques: signature-based and anomaly based.\
A signature-based IDS cannot detect unknown attacks\
because a signature has not been written. To overcome this\
shortcoming, many researchers have been developing anomaly based\
IDSs. Although they can detect unknown attacks, there is\
a problem that they just classify network traffic into normal or\
abnormal. Therefore, IDS operators have to manually inspect\
IDS alerts to classify them into known attacks or unknown\
attacks. Because there are a lot of alerts related to known\
attacks, it is difficult to extract only unknown attacks from\
them.
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\fs72 Why would anyone want to solve this?
\fs48 \
Packets header fields get modified to look like normal ones.\
Huge no. of packets to be analyzed.\
In order to detect  signatures and patterns of viruses and other kinds of attacks on an Open flow switch\
\
\

\fs72 Your Contribution
\fs48 \
Addition of another table in the open flow switch. This table will contain the signature and patterns of the attack.\
The packets are chked for carrying suspicious data. snort rules can be used. \
FPGA can also be used as a pattern matcher\
\
\

\fs72 What steps do you think you will need to take to get this done?\

\fs48 Designing a open flow switch with 2 tables\
\
\
}