{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Weekly Plan for 558L project (Team Avengers)
\b0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Week 1 (12 Nov) -
\b0  Review available materials, come up with a concrete idea of how we will implement the NIDS system on openflow and chalk out the initial design. We\'92ll also distribute the work among ourselves after we have a clear idea of our implementation. (Team tasks)\
Demo - Implement open vswitch\
\

\b Week 2 (19 Nov)
\b0  - Initial framework should be set, complete design and algorithm ready, identify the network security vulnerabilities we aim to resolve and design rule sets for the same. (Team tasks)\
Demo - Detailed design of the pattern matching algorithm, implementation of a simple rule set (worm propagation)\
\

\b Week 3 (26 Nov)
\b0  - We\'92ll implement the pattern matching engine together and test it and then splitting the rule set among ourselves and starting the implementation of the rule set. By this point we\'92ll have our first prototype ready. (Team + Individual tasks)\
Demo - Implementation of pattern matching for headers\
\

\b Week 4 (3 Dec)
\b0  - Continue development and implementation of new rules and test them. Final presentation ready and initial draft of the paper ready. (Individual tasks)\
Demo - Implementation of pattern matching for headers and bug fixes, project presentation\
\

\b Week 5 (10 Dec) -
\b0  Explore future development on the project and fix bugs. Finalize final paper. (Team tasks)\
Demo - Final implementation, FAQs, initial draft of project paper\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \ul Meeting Schedule -
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \'a0
\b0 \
We\'92re planning to meet 3 times every week - Monday mornings, Thursday, Sunday\
Sundays - fixing bugs and presentation preparation\

\b \'a0
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Mondays (10 AM to 2 PM)\
{\listtext	2.	}Thursdays (5 PM to 10 PM)\
{\listtext	3.	}Sundays (12 PM to 5 PM)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \'a0\
Where? - SAL/KOH/WPH\
\'a0\

\b \ul Splitting of work -
\b0 \ulnone \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Prachi -
\b0  Modular design of the system, designing rule sets for header pattern matching, research on how to implement payload rules, design and implementation of pattern matching engine, work on final paper\

\b Sunil -
\b0  Implement open vswitch, design and implementation of pattern matching engine, Modular design of the system, designing rule sets for header pattern matching\

\b Nidhi -
\b0  Design and implementation of pattern matching engine, designing rule sets for header pattern matching, work on final presentation\

\b Supriya -
\b0  Review of available materials, design of pattern matching algorithm and overall security consultant, design and implementation of pattern matching engine}